chore: add docker section to readme (#1560)
ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui: README.md

You might also like to copy the `~/.ipfs/config` file somewhere with a useful name so you can use `ipfs config replace <file>` to switch your node between default and dev mode easily.

## Running with Docker

> If you need to run ipfs in a docker container, you can still have webui available by exposing the ports for both the Gateway and Webui ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to run IPFS in a Docker container, you can still have Web UI available by exposing both the Gateway and Web UI ports.
```

Using the default ports:

```sh
docker pull ipfs/go-ipfs
docker run -p 8080:8080 -p 5001:5001 -it ipfs/go-ipfs
```

> More info available at [go-ipfs docker page](https://hub.docker.com/r/ipfs/go-ipfs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [go-ipfs page](https://hub.docker.com/r/ipfs/go-ipfs) on Docker Hub to get started using IPFS with Docker.
```
